User Class:
    Will accept two strings, one for username and one for password (which will be case sensitive) for signing into an account.
    Will accept a method to sign up for an account if the user does not have one available.
    Once signed in the user will have access to a page to order food from a restaurant location near them.

Payment Class:
    Payment class will be able to accept multiple types of input including string values for credit/debit card information, an int for the CVV and expiration date,
    and methods to link apple pay, google pay or paypal.

Location Class:
    Takes in an int value for a zipcode and finds the closest available restaurants near the user.
    Takes in a string for the users home address for food to be delivered 

Order Class:
    Provides a list of available foods that can be ordered.
    Has a double value with a price for different foods available, and can also accept string discount codes.
    Provides a customizable list of options for available foods.
    Will have an option to pick the food up at the restaurant location.

Restaurant Class:
    Manages the available list of items and prices of the items.
    Provides an estimated amount of time until the order is ready to be delievered or be ready for pickup based on how active the location is.
    Accepts payments from payment class.

Delivery Driver Class:
    Provides information to the driver such as the order, the customers address, and will allow the driver to set an estimated delivery time when leaving the restaurant.

Menu Class:
    Has a list of different items that the restaurant has to offer.
    Managed by the restaurant class and can change at any time if an item needs to be adjusted, added, or removed.
    Shows a double value of the price of each individual item.

Items Class:
    Individual item names and what comes with saved as a string.
    Provides a list of ingredients and total calories for the item so the user knows what is in the food they are ordering.
    Accepts an adjustable double value to price the item.